So I missed a day of work and I already feel the thoughts coming in. Here's some of the things racing through my mind, right now: 

- I don't HAVE to do this. I could just chill and watch YouTube. I will still get a job and be fine, I don't have to be doing this. 

This is a wrong way of looking at things, and not why I started doing this project at all. I think Compilers are very fascinating in how they work. 
That's the only thing I'm chasing. It's not about a job or putting something on my resume. I don't care about any of that. 

- What's the point in trying when ChatGPT could take my job anyways in the future?

Essentially, what I'm arguing here is: "What's the point of doing anything fun when the future could potentially be bad?" 
Well to Zayam I say this: What if the future could be good? What if you just did this for fun? What if you only valued the things you could control 
instead of constantly worrying about the future? And how about you stop being so anxious about this damn job thing, Zayam!!! 

So I'm forcing myself to sit here and work on this today. I know I'll feel good afterwards, but man it's so tempting to dive into all of these 
distractions around me. Twitter is my guilty pleasure. It's so easy, and it's so fascinating *just* how much time I will sink into that bullshit. 
I think I need to learn to put the phone down. The problem is the internet is everywhere. It's unavoidable. The only thing to do is to be very mindful 
of every single thing I'm doing all the time, which I'm not sure I have the mental bandwidth for anyhow. 

The big takeaway of parsers of any sort is that there does seem to be something fundamentally recursive about 
reading text. When we separate a sentence into words - into tokens - it becomes an analysis of individual words, 
and not just this big giant sentence we can't seem to make sense of. Parsing IS recursive. 

All in all, I didn't make much progress. But I feel as though I've set myself up TO make progress tomorrow, 
which is important, I think? I've been in this spot before. And I've gotten through it. So clearly it's going 
to be okay. 

TO DO: 
- Create AST recursively 
- Evaluate AST once it's been created 